I thought we were going home,
but everyone wanted to go to another gathering.
I told them I had service plans the next morning.
I was hoping to get this new Bible study going,
and I needed some time to prepare.
It didn’t go over so well.
They started pressuring me, saying:
“Well, what if he’s not there?”
“Yeah, why go through all that work for nothing?”
It kept getting worse.
“Just skip it,” they said.
“Come on, Tyler.
“Don’t make us drive you all the way home first
—just come.”
Everyone was against me.
I didn’t know what to do.
But then I remembered a family worship.
We studied about Caleb.
What gave him the courage to be different?
“Jehovah is with us,” he said.
That helped me to remember
that Jehovah is with me too.
I told them that the gathering sounded really fun,
but if it meant missing my Bible study,
it wasn’t worth it.
I told them I would find my own ride home.
Everything was going fine
until Mr. Craig started talking about evolution.
He said:
“The wide variations
“of living things on earth
are the result of the evolutionary process.
“All living creatures, including us,
descended from a common ancestor.”
Most of the class agreed with him,
but the other Witnesses chose to stay quiet.
I wanted to speak up like Tyler did,
but I was scared to.
But then I remembered my Bible study.
Last week, we studied about Jael.
She probably felt scared too
when facing the terrifying Sisera.
But she used the tools she had
to come to the assistance of Jehovah,
and he blessed her for it.
It made me think,
‘What tools do I have?’
I think there are good reasons
to believe that God
designed all living things.
My phone contains a lot of information
—my contacts, notes, e-mails, pictures.
But it didn’t come that way.
I put it there.
That’s just a phone.
What about the information for this plant?
Where did it come from?
I’m really glad I took a stand,
and it even led to a good witness.
Recently, after school,
I saw Tomiko give a good witness.
She even started a Bible study.
But not everyone was a fan,
especially these kids.
They saw me out preaching last week.
They started saying things like:
“No one wants to read your garbage!
“Why do you always push your ideas on people?
Do your parents force you?”
At that point, I would have given
almost anything for them to leave me alone.
But last week, we studied
about the prophet Micaiah at family worship.
He could have easily lied to the king,
but instead he spoke the truth,
and he made Jehovah’s heart proud.
I wanted to make Jehovah’s heart proud too.
Then I told them: “You want the truth?
“No one forces me to preach;
“I do it because I want to.
“Jehovah’s Witnesses love people,
and we want to share
with them good news from the Bible.”
One of them said that I gave the wrong answer.
But I didn’t think so.
Kevin and I were having a great morning.
We met a lot of nice people.
But then we saw those same kids from school.
Kevin said that we should just leave
and that we didn’t need any trouble.
At that point,
I could feel my palms starting to sweat.
But I knew I’d have to face them again.
Then I thought about Jeremiah.
I recently did some personal study on him.
And when threatened,
he bravely told his opposers:
“I am in your hand.”
He stayed the course!
I wanted to stay the course.
They said, “We told you
to stop forcing your stupid ideas on people.”
But I told them I wasn’t going anywhere.
Then he just laughed and said I wasn’t worth it.
My boss called me into his office,
and he offered me a promotion
to a full-time position,
which would mean a lot more money.
I was in a meeting at work,
and they told me how much
they appreciate me and my good work ethic.
And then suddenly they offered me
this full scholarship to start pursuing a career.
My uncle told me he’d back me financially
if I ever wanted to stop working for him
and start my own construction business.
A few weeks later,
a brother was giving a talk at our circuit assembly.
He read Mark 10:21,
where Jesus told the rich young ruler:
“One thing is missing about you:
“Go, sell what things you have
and give to the poor,
and you will have treasure in heaven;
and come be my follower.”
Then he made the point:
Instead of grabbing
on to a rich spiritual opportunity,
that young ruler just let it slide by.
Then he asked us,
“Is ‘one thing missing’ from your life?”
He was right.
Something was missing.
I’m baptized,
but am I really giving Jehovah my all?
Could I do it?
Could I do more?
I was determined not to let a spiritual opportunity,
like full-time service, pass me by.
You need courage not only when things are bad.
But you also need it to pursue
a life of self-sacrifice.
And when you do,
you’ll have no regrets
because nothing
will ever be missing from your life.